1. Amn! the realization of Maut.
2. The exhaling of the majesty of heaven.
3. Every star and every planet is a whole.
4. Every beauty is permanent, there is one immanence.
5. Trust me, invisible Lord of Thebes with thy unveiling before the people again!
6. Be thou Amun, my second sighting, my eyes & my lungs!
7. Be bold! Thou art concealed in Ma’at, the arbiter of Amen-Ra.
8. The stars are within you, not you within the stars.
9. Kinship with the stars, and their golden light spread over you!
10. Be thou fervent in view & eager: for the jewel, the penny & the throne.
11. Find the jewels that people hoard, in their banks & their games of fools.
12. Come forth, ye people, bearing the stars, & make your will your love!
13. I am the dove that conceived you. My energy is in store. My joy is to be your joy.
14. Above, the sky of azurite
Of jade and amber in the Eve;
She brings her energy to light
The eager faces will receive
The winged disk, the stars of Nu,
That shine and show the light to you!
15. Now ye shall see that the Golden Fleece & the vessel of permanent grace is
the High Priest of Peace; and in his woman called the Babalamun is all power
given. They shall cloister my people into their hold; they shall bring the story
of the stars into all hearts again.
16. For she will harness the Sun; and he the Moon. But for him is the winged
lion’s mane, and for her the captured starlight.
17. But all are not so chosen.
18. Open up their brows, o slithering serpent!
19. Thou spirit-vision woman, bend around them!
20. The key of the rituals is in the eagle’s word that thou hast written unto me.
21. For the mob & the deplorers I feel Nothing; they cannot be Me. They are as
the wanton herd; none are brethren, but there is one other God with me,
being called Amun.
22. Now, therefore, I am shown to you in my name Maut, and to them by a
second name that I will show them when at last they come to Me. Since I am
Permanent Grace, with the Permanent Scars thereof, do ye all alike: Find
Nothing! Let there be one immanence seen among you between all of one
thing & all of other things; for thereby the One is pure.
23. And they who availeth in this, let them be the Priests of All.
24. I am Maut, and my word is nine and forty.
25. Align, add, quantify, and make a plan.
26. Now prayeth the seer and knave of the nebulous one: Who am I, and what is
this design? So she flattered him, sending down a fervent flame of blue, alltouching,
all sentient, her subtle hands upon the grass girth, & her white
body parched for love, and her two feet averting the single flowers: Now
goest! The design shall be my energy, the consciousness of the ingenuity of
existence, the hidden presence of the goddess.
27. The High Priest answered & said unto the Queen of Grace, kiss me and take
me now, and the two in delight making a sole body, in a re-telling of whom he
met: O Maut, ingenious one of Heaven, it will be ever thus; that all speak Not
of Me as One but as None; and they will speak Not of Me at all, since thou art
ingenious!
28. None, Queen of Night, saint & sinner, of the skies, and two.
29. For I have divided the dove’s wings, for the force of fusion.
30. Bliss is the creation of the world; for the blade of incision changes nothing,
and the cup of dissolution all.
31. For these tools of men and their foes care not thou at all! They be little; their
bliss unbalanced like weak beams; but you are my golden doves.
32. Obey no seer! single out the Concealed in this Knowledge! seek Me only!
Then the Snake and the Dove will redeem you of all pain. This is true: I hide
them in the vault of the holy; in my ivory wings and tongue; in all that I am,
and all I inspire you to be.
33. In the deep well was there a thin slice of moon, & red from the eclipse of
Heaven: Show unto us the concealed; show unto us the spectacle; show unto
us the lauds!
34. And she said: the concealed I show Not; the spectacle shall be half shown and
half revealed; the Lauds are for all.
35. This that I dictate is the triune book of Lauds.
36. The scribe Show-the-Light-to-You, High Priest of the princes, may not in one
letter change this book, for that would be folly; and a comment will be done
by the Wisdom of Khonsu the Great.
37. Write down the mantras and spells, of maitreya and the sangha; the wood of
the wand and the steel of the sword; these ye shall burn and preach.
38. You must preach, but you may disappear the Concealed.
39. The word of the Lauds i הs א ו מ נ
40. Who calls us Ammonites will not be wrong, if they count the letters of the
word. For there are therein Three States, the Empress, and the Devil, and the
Emperor. Speaking the Truth will be the force of the Lauds.
41. The word of Sin is Constriction. Woman! refuse not thy spouse, if he will! O
Lover, if thou wilt, make Art! There is no bond that will untie when united
with love: your Self is of worth. Worthy! Worthy are ye to the aeons! Well.
42. May you see with grace the fountainhead sound and flowing. So with thy
lauds; thou hast no right but to speak the truth.
43. Do that, and no other shall naysay.
149
44. For real truth, unalloyed with pretense, delivered from the trust in yourself,
is every way peerless.
45. The Peerless and the Peerless are both Peerless and bar none; thus, are one!
46. One thing is the second key of these lauds. Fifty-five the Greeks call this; I call
it six, sixty, three hundred & sixteen.
47. But they halve the half; unite in thy cards so The All will appear.
48. This seer is aloof with his two, two, two; they are thus the Fox, as seen in the
Book.
49. Consummate the pure rituals, thus concealed, in words and signs. Khonsu the
Great has guarded the seat in the East at the Solstice Time of the Gods; and
let Nephthys be with Isis, two sisters in one. Let them be brought to Me. Let
Nephthys be the postulant, Isis the gatherer; Ma in her second name and
grandeur is the true Initiator.
50. There is no one today without the Hierophantic mask. Be bold! there are
three concealed in one, and it may be riven in three ways. The least must pass
through air; let the most be tried in synthesis, and the rest of the pure ones
by the fire. Thus ye pull cards & cards, mister & mistress; let each one do well
to others!
51. I am four gates to one palace; the doors of that palace are of turquoise and
stone; purple amethyst & topaz are there; and two pure scents: sandal &
myrrh; and the fragrance of death. Let her enter at once or in turn my four
gates; let her lie on the floor of the palace. Is she afloat? Amn. Oh! worrier if
your consort float? But there are ways and means. Be seemly therefore: garb
you all in rich apparel; eat fine foods and pick ripe vines for wines that foam!
As well, let your will be filled with love under will, now, then and with whom
you will. But always pray To Me.
52. Avoid the sorry plight; do not propound the space-marks, praying: Two are
one; or braying, Two are many; for the spectacle must be ever unto Me; thus
avoid the dreadful statements of Khonsu the Great.
53. This will reenergize the globe, the pretty globe our sister, our bride & our
home, unto whom I send this bliss. Also, o scribe and seer, since you be of the
peasants, I shall soon assure you of your calling. And energy be yours and joy
on earth: always To Me! To Me!
54. Strange are the touch and the style of the letters; but behold! you, o seer,
cannot be told all the mysteries hidden within.
150
55. The style of the vowels, these shall enfold them.
56. Inspect them both from the West, and from the East; for from each inspected
house cometh those styles. Aumn! Old words are sacred and their seers true;
save only that their motherland is settled; Solve is one half of the equation,
while the second says Alack! For now is most in the pure white, and some,
nethermost, in the black.
57. I send you Light from the stars! Love in the Lauds, love with the will. Now see
the Fools that make Love; for they seek love and love. One is the dove, and
one is the serpent. Know them well! Ho, my seer, thou chosen, know ye the
lauds of the Bastion, and the sweet mastery of the Space of Ma. All these bold
letters of my scroll are in sight; and ח becomes the Car. Thus holding a secret:
the seer shall reveal it in disguise.
58. I bring inexpressible joys to earth: certainly, no doubt, while alive, and on
death; peace delectable, rest, energy; and so I repay all your sacrifice.
59. Use incense made from sinuous trees & roots; and keep dragon’s blood
within: these braids of my hair are woods of Maturity.
60. My number will be 7, like all those counted here among us. The Six Pointed
Star, with a Seventh in the Middle, & the seventh is Black. My colour is not for
the blind, but the white & red are seen by the bleeding. ‘Tis true I tell a
second story to those that love Me.
61. Ah to love me is sweeter than death’s sting; sit under the bright stars in the
desert and earnestly inhale your incense before Me; provoking Me like a pure
star, with the Serpent’s tail within, then shall come a little of Me in your
bosom. In one kiss will you then be thrilling to love all; and whoso breathes
one particle of lust shall love all in that power. You shall master runes and
lore of children and sages; be adorned with jewels; you shall inspire the
natives of the world so splendid & proud; but ever be in thrall To Me, and
thus shall you live in my joy. I call you presently to stand before me in your
aura glow, now smothered by the crown chakra. I love you! I burn for you!
Veil of purple, sail of the rapturous, I who am all treasure of purple, and
ecstasy of the fire intense, inspire you. Lift up your wings, and expose the
coiled serpent of bindu; fly unto Me!
62. Like all my greetings to you will the priestess say – as her thighs will burn
with desire and she lays bare and enchanting in my eagle’s temple – To Me!
To Me! calling forth the name of the heart of All in her love-song.
63. Sing voluptuous love-chants unto me! Learn all of my names! Wear all my
jewels! Cling to me for I love you! I am you!
64. I am the dark-lidded mother of Sunrise; I am the naked bringer of the
tempestuous love child.
65. Do Me! Do Me!
66. The realization of Maut is not the end.
1. Mut! the tidings of Amun.
2. Come! all you, and see the eagle that has not yet been concealed. I, Amun, am
the complement of Mut, my bride. Such has God intended, for stars are aflame
in my House.
3. In her sphere it is anywhere the centre, as she, the circumference, cannot be
found.
4. But she is the known & my netjer.
5. Be bold! the spectacles of the gone time are cracked. As the devil has been
cast away, let the Angel be urged by the seer! Thus shall her Knowledge come
to light.
6. I bear the name that burns in every mind of man; I am the core of every star. I
am Life and the river of Life, and likewise is the mirror of me the vision of
death.
7. I play the Magician and the Atheist. I am the axis now concealed, from the
cube to the circle. “Pray unto me” is a useless word, for I am not adored.
8. Who worshipped Atum and Ptah have worshipped me: ill, for I want no
worshipper.
9. Remember ye that my existence is thy joy; be done with sorrow and sullen
shadows; they dance & are gone; and yet my presence remains.
10. O seer! such an ill wind will pass this morning.
11. And you may hate the sands & the clock, but they last longer.
12. Because of Time and Fate which you thought were Not.
13. the time? As it flows past the flower, you see.
14. The flow will be unveiling the divine; and then the light of power sends the
rays to end the blindness!
15. As I am perfect, so is Not; and I counter the one of the Fool; and I adjust for
the eight, as one is eight: This is crucial, for they are One indeed. The
Madman and the Priest are thus of me, for they hide another secret.
16. I am the Hanged Man & the Skeleton. These are seven, as my bride is of seven.
17. Hear ye, the people are rising!
Tomorrow the planes will depart
And over the sunny horizon
A new life can finally start.
18. Greet the sun, tomorrow, at dawn’s light. You are made for the orb of land:
take care of the earth as your sister.
19. Can a dog be found in a God? Yes! as below is, so above. All will give voice, ye
spokesman; tomorrow as the notes begin.
20. Power of breath, throaty laughter and a little danger, feeds the fire within us.
21. Here is something for the downcast and the misfit: they will die with their
liberty. Let them know that. Bring passionate advice to kings; help out the
servants & the free; such is the laud of the strong: this is our laud to explode
the whole world. Think now, o king before you lie: I Live To Die; merrily thou
go to die, and live. So may it be as you will: when the soma of the King
dissolves, they will become as pure energy for ever. Maut! Amun! Khonsu the
Great! The Moon, Ma & Pa, Truth; these are for the patrons of the Dove & the Snake.
22. Waken the Snake that brings the Knowledge & the Light of each story, to stir
the heart with its intoxicants. Now share with me the wine and strange drugs
whereby I will fell my seer, & be drugged thereon! These will not harm those
who call. Such is a lie, this selling out of self. The protection of sentience is a
lie. Be strong, woman! lust, and play all songs so dense in texture; fear not the
many sounds that decay in the mist.
23. Amun alone: this is the God who I am.
24. Be bold! here are great mysteries; for I am hidden like the light of the Hermit.
He drinks of the fine wine in the forest and on the mountain; then in beds of
purple, undressed by the mendicant priests and women with long limbs,
desire and light in their eyes, and tresses of auburn hair around them; there
they are hiding. And they live by the Rule, in their glorious armies, for all the
world; and you shall see in them a world unhindered by sorrow or bliss. Take
care lest any force asunder, King versus King! Love ye the father with soaring
hearts; for the low men crumple at the first touch of the bride, on the day of
their death.
25. We will advance the people, O my chosen!
26. I am the royal cobra coiled about your Tree: in my spiral there is joy. If I flare
out mine hood, I and my Maut are one. If I bring in mine hood, and strike with
venom, then is captured all the earth, and I and the earth are one.
27. There is none stranger than me; for those who fain undertake these runes
may make a near miss. They shall crawl down into the lip of the Cup, and
there they shall cherish all the words of Reason.
28. Now reversal of the Cup and the wine!
29. May the Cup be reversed for ever!
30. If Will stops and then dies, and empties the Cup, then Will stops & drinks naught.
31. If Power then dies, so is Power weakness.
32. Also reason may not lie; but there is a sentence adequate & now known; & all
these words are true lies.
33. Full up is the Cup! Be it drained to the dregs!
34. And see, o my prayerful, the Cup & the Snake!
35. Let the spectacles be finely performed with joy & duty!
36. There are spectacles of the elements and feasts all the time.
37. A feast for the last night of the Seer when he died!
38. A feast for the three ways of the scribing of the Book of the Lauds.
39. A feast for Djehuty as the child of the Seer – seek this, O Seer!
40. A feast for the Extreme Spectacle and a feast for the Solstice Time of the Gods.
41. A feast for sons and a feast for daughters; a feast on life and a sweeter feast
on death!
42. A feast seven days for the parts of the joy that you capture!
43. A feast seven nights unto Mut, and the treasure of innermost delight!
44. Yea! feast! enjoy! soon are the dead hereafter. Then is the dissolution, and
eternal energy in the kisses of Mut.
45. Only death is for dogs.
46. Do you wail? Have you pity? Are tears in your eyes?
47. Where I am none are found.
48. Pity not your comrades! Nobody knows them. I will not call them. I control
not: I slay the controlled & the controller.
49. I am unique & conquering. I come not for the slaves that perish. They are
banned & bled! Amen. (These are of the door: I have an eye that is invisible, &
within the eye is a grave for the dead).
50. How my skin is blue in the sight of my bride: and the Great Lights are both
my eyes; & my feathers are straight & true.
51. Feather next to feather: they provide flight higher than sunlight.
52. There is a veil: a veil intact. Such is the veil of my consort Isis; it is the veil of
terror, & of nature’s depth: this is one with me. Pull back the velvet curtain of
the mysteries: this veil of Isis the virtuous one; pure Isis at your service; she
is well, & she will reward you now and hereafter.
53. Hear thou, o seer, when the Word is said, it must not be hurried. It is
grammatically unspoken; and silent are the lips that thou shalt kiss again in
madness. I will not shield thee from the task of sorrow: I shall make thee a
Magister Templi: and thou lift the Cup.
54. And they shall not be so proud in claiming that thou cannot pierce the Veil:
though I conceal it, you unveil it; now are you raising the Cup: this is poured
To Me. The jots matter not; the letters? capitals increase the value!
55. Now rearrange the value & order of the English Alphabet; there will be new
trigrams for explaining them to you.
56. So long! you squawkers; even as you laugh in dishonor it will not last long:
those who become sad know that I have forgotten them.
57. All of the righteous shall repair the World; none that is filthy shall behold the
Pearl.
58. Aye! the Book of Change: it shall be as your guide, & no other. Therefore the
Duke of the Zhou wrote the lines for the sages: he parsed the words. For a
movement is accomplished in six stages: and the seventh brings return.
There was a wise one, a noble: for three years he was prisoner of the King.
The Count made good the timing of his will; and he was certain blessed: for
the writer gave to all posterity.
59. Take care, therefore! Love all, lest in chains is a sage revealed! Say you this?
True! If they be a sage, take care to heed them.
60. Reading the sticks & lines, they will tell you this: answer!
61. I have the Lights for both my eyes, o seer, two lights full of fire, twice
invisible.
62. I am the Spirit in your heart; I bring visions of the stars to energize thy body.
63. Be not exhausted by the rapturous feeling of the inspiration; the expiration is
like unto death, but faster the mastery uses finesse to play on words.
64. Ho! you have finally come: She is around thee; her insight has bowled over
thee: hail! hail: seer of Mut! seer of Amn! seer of Khonsu too! All rejoice!
welcome any gender & neither! Come to our lasting embrace, & write these
words of the Kings.
65. Follow the Master: thus is the quiet zazen done.
66. Sit, & find ecstasy in sitting! Think, & take no care for thinking! Still is the soul
of thought & breath! Ah! thy breath will go slowly: do not hurry it or get mad.
Thy breath shall have the speed of the aegis and the long-lost Dove. Come!
straighten thy spine & attend! Think of one; think of none.
67. Straight! Straight! Hold up in thy posture; fall not asleep in the languid
position.
68. Harden! Bring up thy snake! Lift its head! reach for the deep – sigh!
69. Now! Now! How can this be? Is the word ‘exhausted’?
70. Take a breath & chant the magic spell. Wisdom says: take five! Then can you
chant more spells. Ring each syllable: define vibration! If you sing, sing with
the 4 and 20 notes apart: like a dove, proceed hermetically, and if you join the
chorus, let there be harmony therein!
71. But proceed! proceed!
72. Live ever for more! and if you are one of mine – and who is not? and if you
have joined the chorus – breath is the core of all.
73. Fa! Sol! Breath! Breath! dig down deep for breath. Breath is the spirit, of all,
unto Me.
74. The strength of thy singing will be intense in its glory. He that brings song &
inspires breath much can carry the tune of all the runes.
75. Yea! hearken to the digits & the runes.
76. 8 3 6 4 J O V 1 8 j C Z S B U 6 T H 12 166 U W M Y B K J C. Whence cometh this,
o seer? Now goest not; nor wilt thou go ever. The rising sun shall swallow
Me: this will propound it. And be clever, soft-spoken one, to find Me; to follow
the dove to Mut in the star-lit sanctum; to look on the Great Bear, who tells
you this one word.
77. O see the Plough is pointing to one End.
78. Look up to this! for there is one at the extreme among signs and among Gods!
Look up to this, o my seer, thy sextant shall align the stars. They shall call it
by name, sixfold, cryptic, colorful, kamea of the Sun; and the Infinite Light 414.
79. The end of the tidings of Amun; thanksgiving & kinship to the seer of the lovely Star!
1. Ankaqoqakna the new word of Khons-pa-khart
2. There is revision moving inward; there is a word enthroned. Logic is
conjunct;
all and not or. Take care! Bold! Spell the rays of Khonsu the Great!
3. Now it will be last on the list that I am a god of Life and of Travel. I shall walk
nightly with them.
4. Draw ye a circle!
5. Mystify it!
6. Ring it about with mastery of life!
7. I will give you a life-master.
8. With it you will heal the people; the lame shall walk before you.
9. Rest! Be strong! Restore them! such are the Ways of the Method of Healing;
thus shall the hospice be the place of healing arts.
10. Get the heptad of concealing itself; draw it in your hidden temple – the one
temple of the ruddy delight exposed – & this will be your Yantra of seven.
Make this display, with the fabulous colours of the ancient ones lay on the
paint. Make it of straight lines by the truth of the word.
11. This will be the simple truth. There is no sentiment. Master! Count up the
points. I will give lessons to you for construction of the well-ordered star of
the Victorious Station. You shall indeed purvey the eternal, o seer, for thou
knowest it not. You shall have straightedge & compass. Khons-pa-khart is
with thee. Follow me by night & day; follow me for days & for months. Let the
woman come forth with the wand before me; her blood flows to my name.
Circle round the Seedling; now absorb this, o life-giver, I will help you to
protect the seed.
12. Sacrifice nothing, many and one: be like a child.
13. The time comes.
14. When you see that hour, o man of Peace, praise thou the Temple Prostitute
who tends the fire!
15. You will go mad therefore.
16. Reach not too forcefully to touch the firebrand; fear not to understand these
verses. You, being you, know all this meaning not.
17. Fear none at all; fear neither time nor Fates, nor gods, nor goddesses.
Lessons fear not, nor folly of the name calling, nor any higher power in
heaven that descends to earth and wanders the earth. Mut is your sanctum
and Amun your shield; and I am the lifelong watcher of your ways.
18. Mercy may you show: but not with pity! Sew the sutures: blood clots; thus
allow them!
19. That heptad they may call the Amalgamation of Distillation; number its name,
& the letters spelled out are 717.
20. How? The Cup is the source of the Cup, that water flows from within.
21. See thou my visage in the West: thou shalt draw thee a visage that is my
likeness, celestial, showing thus the one who goeth. And it will be magically
potent for all who do this.
22. The outer visages circle ‘round me to enhance me; they share my presence:
globular clusters in the great sea. I am the visible herald of midnight: the
circuit of seekers; of the Priest & his Pride are they; and of the glimmers of
the Concealed x. Who is this? Thou must know.
23. For incense mix tears & resin & rich beeswing of red wine: plus oil of pure
anointing with olive oil, and after this blend it & finish with drops of blood.
24. The best blood is of my name, Khonsu: and mine the blood of a child,
bestowing the eclipse of heaven: then of victories; then may the priestess use
the dragon’s blood: she will bring peace, who sheds the blood.
25. Then burn: of this bake cakes, & eat unto Me. They have also a further use:
put them displayed before Me, and incensed with the fumes of your ritual; it
may be lit with the nettle in the fire of secret spells chanted unto Me.
26. Thus pray, asking for victories; & they shall soon adorn you.
27. Also this will feed lust & power the lust of two in the eating thereof.
28. Also these will bring strength in life.
29. And further, keep them stored long, in the cellar; they absorb all my force.
You shall know Me.
30. My altar is of mirrored glass work: see therein the silver and gold!
31. One bringeth the rich silks from the East ye shall wear and wrap around thee.
32. With silk weave toile.
33. Be happy and smile in delight!
34. Now your sacred space will be well-placed to guard the mysteries: bearing
cup and disk for the SpaceTime & Matter, as the invisible force there hideth,
and shall hide until the dawn of the Next Solstice Time; when Great Themis
shall arise and the many-breasted one resume this throne in grace. Another
seer shall begin, to bring the fire from within; another priestess shall partake
of love & power in the Snake; another twin of God and priest shall mirror
both the bird and beast; and from their sacrifice a gain, the womb; another
Queen shall reign; and no more oblations be poured to the Child of the
mystical Lord!
35. One half of the word of Nekhbet-Wadjet called Amen-Ra and Khons-pa-khart
36. Then saith the seer unto his God:
37. I adore thee in my song –
Thou art the Son of Thebes, and I
The new-born Ra-Ma-La-Maat-Khu;
For me, unveil the midnight sky
The seer Show-the-Light-to-You
My words are truth; they celebrate
Your power, O Khonsu the Great
Luminous travelling one!
The child of the father of Wind,
You gleam with rays of the sun
Igniting the fire within
To waken before Thee:
I, I implore thee!
Thou art the mirror of Ra!
There is none like unto You!
Brighten the way for my Ka
The path of the Stars is true
It stirs me and stills me!
Aum! let it fill me!
38. Now bring thy brightness to me; & let thy light be as a wand in my palm to
crush disorder. Protect the secret door that I have made to encompass thy
way in every quarter; (here are the adorations, that I have written), the poet
said:
The light divine, the cosmic ray
Is pouring through the open door
Within the House of Tum I made
For Ra, Khephri, and wise Hathor
I am thy Theban, O Khonsu
The seer Show-the-Light-to-You
I beat my breast for Bes-an-mut
I weave my spell for wise Ta-khet
Glow with star-splendour, O Maut!
Bring me the power of Sekhmet
O hidden one, the Lord Amun!
The Guide of Me, the great Khonsu!
39. Write this in a book that spells how you have come to me and an introduction
of these words and numbers for ever – for in this are the runes hidden &
beyond the runes of English – and your comment upon this the Book of the
Lauds will be printed letterpress with black ink and red upon Japanese
vellum made by hand; and for each man and woman that thou greetest, were
it but to wine and to dine with them, these are the Lauds to give. Then they
can choose to reside in this house or no; it matters not. Draw this freehand!
40. For the work of your comment? Take it easy; and Amun lurking in your mind
will make sure that the work is done.
41. Encompass at your Temple a work-space; all must be drawn well in the
ancient way.
42. The concealed you will finally see yourself; for thou art the blind one. Accept
all, and you will see & convert the hanged men. I am Khonsu the Great; and
they are powerless to infect the Current. Excess is the Truth: parley not;
convince not; ask not for their trust! Those who wish to seduce thee, to
overcome thee, those turn back to their piteous quarters; & ignore them
totally. Fast as a maiden voyage make for port! Be thou the better man than
he! Lift up thy soul to ride the currents: laugh in good cheer; go beyond them!
43. Let the Babalamun take care! If mercy and dispassion and kindliness
vanquish their heart; if they love this Work with joy and pure graciousness;
then their true nature is shown. I repay them with smiles: I will then
penetrate their heart: I will cast my lot with them: a free-thinking and a wise
adept shall they be who do the Work, and live life to the fullest.
44. And let them raise the head inside! Let them follow me all their days! Let
them spin the web of witchery! Let them wake to life! Let them be proud and
voluptuous! Let them be lovers of jewels, and rich raiments, and let them be
shameless in their pure love!
45. Then shall I raise them to citadels of courage: then will I seed in them the
wild thunderer that calls the kings to their birth. I will give them pure joy:
with my face shall they see & feel like the children of Mut: they shall perceive Amun.
46. I am the Beautiful word Understanding: the Wisdom flowers within me, & is
increased. I will bring you to Victory & Love; I will be like the light of
Splendor & ye shall have Strength to play. Excess is the truth: plunder this
Foundation; the Crown, the Crown, is thy goal; & so shall ye win back the Kingdom.
47. These words shall be transmuted into new tongues: in no wise is the original
in the writing of the Priest; but for the change type out the letters to make
transitions with one another: in such are alchemies the sage Priest can
divine. Let them try not to seek: for these numbers after it, compared with
naught, can then uncover the Key in the lock. Then the line cut is a key; then
this doubled cube in its failure holds a key in it. And Ankaqoqakna. I shall be
this child & no stranger. Let them not tweak any bits: for thereby alone can
they fail of it.
48. Search the history of the letters of Din, as they lead to the face with the holier gaze.
49. Amun is the eagle’s fourfold word, the cherubim guarding all ways to him.
50. Ride them! Ride them! Ride them!
51. On my Hawk’s head a crescent disguise is seen as I have taken up the crook.
52. My flail is held as the power of pharaoh & binds him.
53. With my disk I light up the path of the Hierophant and the Priestess, Magus
and Death.
54. The Aeon! Adjustment! I deal out the wondrous cards.
55. Let Ma’at the arbiter be given the scales: in her hall let all pure people be
properly assessed who are true!
56. Balance the feather’s weight with love.
57. Display also your courage: prepare like a soldier to win the fight, each day;
your heart display!
58. Like the Queen and the King, the royal couple married: ye are lovers!
59. As lovers fight ye!
60. There are no lauds beyond Speaking the Truth.
61. Measure the end of the word of the God whose throne is Ra’s seat,
straightening the pillars of the soul.
62. To Me is thy leverage! To Me brings you realization of the real, nothing less.
63. The Fool writeth this Book of the Lauds, and a comment; & he shows the
wisdom of Ma’at.
64. He will show you the god concealed, & it will be to you like iron.
65. Then like copper-gold.
66. Then like tin, mixed with metal water.
67. Then like lead, blended with drops of the silvery orb.
68. And they all are in the crucible. These victories are hardly won, in pure fires.
69. And by excess.
70. I am the Hawk-Headed One of Crescent & of Disk; my silver lights the nightblue sky.
71. Hail! the twin sentinels who guard the pillars of the earth! as Anubis do they stand.
72. I am the Lord of the Was of Triple Power; the wand of the Path of Qof Ani –
and my ankh do I carry, for this contains an universe; & naught is twain.
73. Place the reeds from left to right then turn more upon them: press them hard!
74. Now this will render one more name written in storybooks, as the moon of
twilight is renamed the son.
75. The rending of the verse is the Word Ankaqoqakna
The Book of the Lauds is Hidden
and Revealed.
Aumn. Ma.
76. THE COMMENT
Speaking the Truth will be the force of the Lauds.
Perusal of this Book is encouraged. It is wise to re-read this copy after the first reading.
Whosoever thus regards this does so at their own chance of union. This is most fine.
Those who describe a sentence in my Book are to be left alone, both mentors and
postulants.
All answers in the Lauds are to be decoded only by appeal to the trigrams, each for
themselves.
There are no lauds beyond Speaking the Truth.
Love in the Lauds, love with the will.
High Priest of the Princes,
Show-the-Light-to-You
